c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\bin\Debug\SchoolBookManager.exe.config
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\bin\Debug\SchoolBookManager.exe
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\bin\Debug\SchoolBookManager.pdb
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\bin\Debug\SchoolBookManager.xml
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Resources.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.SplashScreen.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.exe
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.xml
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.pdb
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Form1.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Personen.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.LoginForm1.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Form2.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\bin\Debug\Data.accdb
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\Interop.ADOX.dll
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Buecher.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Form3.resources
c:\users\lukas.lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Form4.resources
C:\Users\lukas.LUKAS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolBookManager\SchoolBookManager\obj\Debug\SchoolBookManager.Form5.resources
